= django-sneak-peek
A Django template tag that allows you to hide pre-release features but make them available to a select group of users. By adding the "sneak peek" permission to users on your site, you can allow people within your company or trusted individuals to try out and experiment with upcoming features in your application.


== Requirements
[Django]
	Requires Django 1.4 or higher. Currently <code>django-sneak-peek</code> does not take advantage of the built-in migrations in Django 1.7, but I'll be updating the package to add support for them once 1.7 released.

[South]
	{South}[https://pypi.python.org/pypi/South/0.8.4] is required for migrations. This package includes a data migration that adds a <code>ContentType</code> and an associated <code>Permission</code>. The permission is used to determine whether or not a user can view sneak peek content.


== Installation
1. Install via <code>pip</code>:

	$ pip install django-sneak-peek

2. Add <code>sneak_peek_tag</code> to <code>INSTALLED_APPS</code> in <code>settings.py</code>:

	INSTALLED_APPS = (
	    ...
	    'sneak_peek_tag',
	    ...
	)

3. Run migrations:

	$ python manage.py migrate sneak_peek_tag

4. Run <code>collectstatic</code> to grab the CSS and image:

	$ python manage.py collectstatic


== Usage
<code>django-sneak-peek</code> defines a template tag called <code>sneak_peek</code>. Markup that you want to conditionally hide must be wrapped in this template tag.

Add the <code>django-sneak-peek</code> CSS file to all pages where you plan to use the template tag:

	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="{{STATIC_URL}}sneak_peek_tag/css/django-sneak-peek.css" />

Load <code>sneak_peek</code> in your template:

	{% load sneak_peek %}

Wrap secret markup in <code>sneak_peek</code> tags:

	{% sneak_peek %}
	    <div>
	        <h1>Secret pre-release feature</h1>
	        
	        <p>
	            This entire div will not appear in the HTML output unless the 
	            current user has the sneak_peek permission.
	        </p>
	    </div>
	{% endsneak_peek %}


== User Permissions
In order to determine whether to output the markup, <code>django-sneak-peek</code> relies on the <code>sneak_peek_tag.can_view_sneak_peek</code> permission which is installed via the included migration.

To allow a user to view sneak peek content, add this permission to their account. This can be done in the Django admin or via the shell:

	>>> from django.contrib.contenttypes.models import ContentType
	>>> from django.contrib.auth.models import Permission
	>>> 
	>>> content_type = ContentType.objects.get(app_label='sneak_peek_tag')
	>>> permission = Permission.objects.get(content_type=content_type, codename='can_view_sneak_peek')
	>>> 
	>>> user = User.objects.get(username='Homer')
	>>> user.user_permissions.add(permission)


== Additional Options
Sneak peek works by wrapping your code in a <code><div></code> and applying styles to that wrapper with the <code>.django-sneak-peek</code> class and several modifiers. Modifiers change the appearance of the sneak peek block.

Here are the available modifiers and different combinations thereof.

=== Default
By default, markup under sneak peek will appear with a yellow & black "under construction" border.

	{% sneak_peek %}
	    <div class="buttons">
	        <button>Tutorial</button>
	    </div>
	{% endsneak_peek %}

=== Outline
Sets <code>border: none;</code> and uses an <code>outline</code> instead

	{% sneak_peek "outline" %}
	    <div class="buttons">
	        <button>Tutorial</button>
	    </div>
	{% endsneak_peek %}

=== Borderless
Sets <code>border: none;</code>. Markup will appear without superfluous extra styles applied by <code>django-sneak-peek</code>, but will still be surrouded by an <code><div></code> wrapper (as always).

	{% sneak_peek "borderless" %}
	    <div class="buttons">
	        <button>Tutorial</button>
	    </div>
	{% endsneak_peek %}

=== Inline
Sets <code>display: inline;</code>

	{% sneak_peek "borderless inline" %}
	    <div class="buttons">
	        <button>Tutorial</button>
	    </div>
	{% endsneak_peek %}

=== Inline-Block
Sets <code>display: inline-block;</code>

	{% sneak_peek "default inline-block" %}
	    <div class="buttons">
	        <button>Tutorial</button>
	    </div>
	{% endsneak_peek %}


== Customising
As you may have guessed, you can add custom display styles to <code>django-sneak-peek</code>. In addition to overriding the existing CSS classes, you can also create your own.

Here's an example of a class you can add to your CSS to add custom styles to a sneak peek element:

	.django-sneak-peek.green-border {
	    border-color: green;
	    border-width: 5px;
	}

This custom class can be applied with:

	{% sneak_peek "green-border" %}
	    ...
	{% endsneak_peek %}


== License
